Added discord chat to contact (#926)
pypa/bandersnatch: README.md

If you have questions or comments, please submit a bug report to
https://github.com/pypa/bandersnatch/issues/new

> - DISCORD: #bandersnatch now sit in *Discord* (You can use [webchat](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23bandersnatch) if you don't have Discord account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Discord: #bandersnatch now sit in the *PyPA Discord* server. To join visit https://discord.com/invite/pypa
```
